PDS_VERSION_ID     = PDS3

RECORD_TYPE        = STREAM
OBJECT             = TEXT
  NOTE             = "Notes on using the data product index table"
  PUBLICATION_DATE = 2005-06-27
END_OBJECT       = TEXT
END

NOTES ON USING THE DATA PRODUCT INDEX TABLE

These notes describe the contents and format of the data product index
table in this volume.

The data product index table, INDEX.TAB, contains one record for each
data product in the volume.  This file is an ASCII text file formatted
for direct reading into many database management systems on various
computers.  Within a record, all fields are separated by commas, and
character fields are enclosed in double quotation marks (").  Character
fields are left-justified and padded on the right with spaces to keep
quotation marks in the same columns of successive records.  Numerical
fields are right-justified and padded with spaces on the left to keep
fixed-width fields.  The records are fixed-length, and the last two bytes
of each record contain the ASCII carriage-return and line-feed characters.
The index table may thus be treated as a fixed-length record file on
computers that support this file type and as a text file with embedded
line delimiters on those that don't.

The following descriptions of the fields within a record of INDEX.TAB are
taken from the Cassini Radar Instrument Team Data Products Volume SIS,
which is installed as file DOCUMENT/VOLSIS.PDF on this volume.  The values
are extracted from the PDS label attached to each product file.  The file
INDEX.LBL on this volume provides a formal description of the index table
structure in ODL format.

1.  file_name:  The name of each BODP or BIDR data file in the data volume.

2.  path_name:  The directory in which the file can be found in this volume.

3.  data_set_id:  Text string identifying the type of data in the file.

4.  start_time:  Time at start of data acquisition for product, in UTC
    format (YYYY-DOYTHH:MM:SS.sss).

5.  stop_time:  Time at end of data acquisition for product, in UTC
    format (YYYY-DOYTHH:MM:SS.sss).

6.  target_name:  Identifier for target of observation.

7.  latitude_min:  Minimum latitude in target body frame for data in file,
    rounded to the nearest integer.  For a target for which this is not
    applicable, the default value of -1000 is used.

8.  latitude_max:  Maximum latitude in target body frame for data in file,
    rounded to the nearest integer.  For a target for which this is not
    applicable, the default value of -1000 is used.

9.  longitude_westernmost:  Westernmost longitude in target body frame
    for data in file, rounded to the nearest integer.  For a target for
    which this is not applicable, the default value of -1000 is used.
    Valid values are between 0 and 360 degrees.  Also note that this value
    is expressed in positive-west coordinates.

10.  longitude_easternmost:  Easternmost longitude in target body frame
     for data in file, rounded to the nearest integer.  For a target for
     which this is not applicable, the default value of -1000 is used.
     Valid values are between 0 and 360 degrees.  Also note that this value
     is expressed in positive-west coordinates.

11.  look_direction:  5-character ASCII string indicating the side of the
     spacecraft ground track to which the antenna is pointed for data
     acquired for each data product.  Valid values are 'LEFT ', 'RIGHT',
     and 'BOTH '.  'BOTH ' will only be used for BODP products.  The SAR
     images stored in the BIDR files are always acquired on only one side
     of the ground track for each pass.  This value also indicates from
     which side the SAR image is illuminated.  If the spacecraft images to
     the left of its ground track, the image will be illuminated from the
     (viewer's) left side; conversely, if the spacecraft looks to the
     right, then the illumination will come from the right in the image
     file.  The direction of illumination is critical to interpretation
     of features in the image.

12.  product_creation_time:  Creation time for product, in UTC format
     (YYYY-DOYTHH:MM:SS.sss).

13.  volume_id:  ID of the volume on which the product can be found.
     (Or equivalently, the ID of this volume.)

